# Technical CAB Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Location:** Discord (async)

**Recorded:** No

**Date:**

- Oct 6th, 2025

**Time:** n/a

**Attendees:**

- Aaron Blankstein
- Brice Dobry
- j2p2
- Friedger
- Jesse Wiley
- Vlad
- Radu
- Setzeus

**Topic(s):**

- [Clarity 4: high-demand new builtins](https://github.com/stacksgov/sips/pull/218)

**Materials**:

- [Clarity 4: high-demand new builtins](https://github.com/stacksgov/sips/pull/218)
- https://forum.stacks.org/t/clarity-4-proposal-new-builtins-for-vital-ecosystem-projects/18266

## 2025-10-06 Meeting Notes

The Technical CAB discussed SIP-023 and the supporting materials, and concluded that this hard fork is necessary to support the ecosystem.

## Vote Outcome(s)

| Name             | Vote    |
| ---------------- | ------- |
| Aaron Blankstein | abstain |
| j2p2             | yes     |
| Friedger         | yes     |
| Jesse Wiley      | yes     |
| Vlad             | yes     |
| Radu             | yes     |
| Setzeus          | yes     |

_Note_ Brice Dobry is the author of SIP-033, as such no vote was tallied for him.

The Technical CAB approves SIP-033 with 6 yes votes, where 1 members abstained and 1 vote was discarded due to authorship.
